Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hey. are you OK?
Yeah.
You need some help?
No.
[man] Annie? What are you doing?
I'm fine. Dad.
What's the matter? What's going on?
Annie?
[phone rings]
[whimpers] Dad? Hi.
I love you.
I know. I know.
I just wanted you and Mum
to know how much I love you.
Dad. I'm sorry.
I can be such a shit to you sometimes.
I don't know why I do that.
Just know that I love you. OK?
I just really love you both.
[knocking]
Hey. Jay.
- Hey. What's up?
- Nothing.
Paul and Yara are here.
We're gonna watch a movie.
- Do you feel like it?
- Actually. I'm going out tonight.
With that guy?
I like him.
Me too.
I see you.
[man on TV] You will have access
to event information
relative to the time and strength
of the forthcoming atomic test.
[man 2] What about it?
[man] You will provide us with
that information as soon as it is available.
[man 2] I see.
[woman laughs] OK.
- [man 2] You're afraid of an overload.
- Sounds good.
You can't tap enough electricity
wherever you get it from to control...
a strong enough charge.
You are a clever man. Doctor.
Perhaps too clever.
[man 2] And what makes you think
I'll give you any information?
[man] it is the only way you can save
your own life when the time comes.
You will be transported
to one of our platforms...
What are you reading?
The Idiot.
Is it any good?
I don't know yet. It's about Paul.
Hey. Jay.
- Hey. Paul.
- [man 2] I'll have to do as you say.
[man] You are lying. Doctor.
Your only wish is to betray us.
- Stop.
- [man] Call it what you like...
- Hey. I have an idea.
- What?
[farts]
Oh! It got away.
[man] You are an unwilling subject.
Dr Martin.
[man 2] What? Who are you?
[woman] What is the deal?
You ever play the trade game?
- No. What is that?
- It's a people-watching game.
My sister and I used to play it
when we were bored.
You're bored right now?
No. Shut up. Let me finish.
OK. How do you play?
You start by watching the crowd.
casually scope out the people around you.
OK.
Now. without telling me. pick a person
that you'd wanna trade places with.
It can be anyone for whatever reason.
OK. I got it.
Now I get two guesses
to figure out who you picked
and why you'd wanna
trade places with them.
OK. Good luck.
That guy.
- Nope.
- OK. then. Who'd you pick?
Him.
- The dad?
- No. the son.
I mean. how cool would that be to have
your whole life ahead of you. you know?
Come on. It's not like you're old.
You're 21.
I know. but... look at how happy that kid is.
Plus. at that age. you can go to the bathroom
any time you want. Total freedom.
Yeah. He's probably taking a shit right now.
Yeah. exactly.
I could never get away with that.
[plays jaunty music]
OK. my turn.
OK.
OK. got it.
How about the girl in the yellow dress?
Where?
Right there.
- I don't see her.
- Right there.
Are you teasing me?
I'm sorry. I just...
I don't see who you're talking about.
Can we go? I'm sorry. I just...
I just don't feel well.
Can we... Can we go back to the car?
Is there someone in there
that made you wanna leave?
Like an ex-girlfriend or something?
You said you saw a girl with a yellow dress.
Is that someone that you knew?
No. I just felt sick.
I feel better being outside.
Thanks for walking with me.
Mum knows you smoke.
Yeah. but she'll cry
if she actually sees it happening.
Or she'll just steal your cigarettes.
How's it going with Hugh?
Good.
Mostly.
I don't know.
He was acting kind of weird last night.
Why?
He said he wasn't feeling well. but
it seemed like something was on his mind.
Have you...?
No. No.
I know he wants to. but... I don't know.
It seemed different last night.
Do I smell bad?
Like cherry-coke banana nicotine.
- That's my favourite flavour.
- Mum will love it.
Let's go back to the car.
It's funny.
I used to daydream
about being old enough to go on dates
and drive around with friends in their cars.
I had this image of myself
holding hands with a really cute guy...
listening to the radio.
driving along some pretty road...
up north maybe.
And the trees started to change colours.
It's never about going anywhere. really.
It's having some sort of freedom. I guess.
Now that we're old enough.
where the hell do we go?
[muffled] Help!
Jay?
You awake?
I'm sorry.
What are you doing?
I'm not gonna hurt you.
Don't worry.
You're not gonna believe me.
but I need you to remember what I'm saying.
OK?
This thing...
...it's gonna follow you.
Somebody gave it to me...
...and I passed it to you. back in the car.
It could look like someone you know
or it could be a stranger in a crowd.
Whatever helps it get close to you.
It can look like anyone.
But there's only one of it.
Help.
Help!
And sometimes... sometimes I think
it looks like people you love
just to hurt you.
I see it. I see it.
No. No.
Who is it?
You can get rid of it. OK?
Just sleep with someone as soon as you can.
Just pass it along.
If it kills you. it'll come after me.
Do you understand?
What the fuck do you want?
Jay. I'm doing this to help you.
just so you know it's real.
Help! Help me!
Never go into a place
that doesn't have more than one exit.
It's very slow. but it's not dumb.
Can I have some?
Yeah.
[Yara] Hey. listen to this.
"I think that if one is faced
with inevitable destruction.
if a house is falling upon you. for instance.
one must feel a great longing to sit down.
close one's eyes and wait. come what may."
That's why we're drinking on the porch.
- Is your mum asleep already?
- Almost for sure.
She wakes up at 5:15.
That would kill me.
So. where's Jay at?
On a date.
- Your turn.
- Who is he?
- Somebody new.
- Of course.
- Your sister's so pretty. it's annoying.
- It is annoying.
[Paul] Well. at least she's nice.
Is everything OK?
Don't let it touch you.
Jay!
[man introduces programme on TV]
What happened?
I don't know.
Those people are such a mess.
[officer] It was consensual?
Yeah.
And you've never seen the woman before?
No.
OK. Have you ever been to his home?
I know where it is.
but... I've never been inside.
He said he was embarrassed of where he lived.
[woman] Did she catch anything?
[woman 2] I don't think so.
[woman] Oh. poor Jamie.
Apparently he used a fake name
to rent the house in the city.
The police searched the place.
They can't find him.
[woman 2] Oh. my God.
[woman] Breaks my heart.
the things he said to her.
So weird and sick.
"I should have been a pair of ragged claws.
scuttling across the floors of silent seas.
and the afternoon. the evening.
sleeps so peacefully.
smoothed by long fingers. asleep. tired.
or it malingers. stretched out on the floor.
here beside you and me."
"Should I. after tea and cakes and ices.
have the strength
to force the moment to its crisis?"
"But though I have wept and fasted.
wept and prayed.
though I have seen my head grown
slightly bald. brought in upon a platter.
I am no prophet. and here's no great matter."
"I have seen
the moment of my greatness flicker
and I have seen the eternal footmen
hold my coat and snicker."
"And. in short. I was afraid."
"And would it have been worth it. after all.
after the cups. the marmalade. the tea.
among the porcelain.
among some talk of you and me.
would it have been worthwhile
to have bitten off the matter with a smile?"
"To have squeezed the universe into a ball."
"To roll it toward
some overwhelming question."
"To say. "I am Lazarus. come from the dead.
come back to tell you all.
I shall tell you all"."
"If one settling a pillow by her head
should say.
"That is not what I meant at all.
That is not it at all"."
Excuse me.
Excuse me!
Hello?
Hello.
There was an old woman at school today.
And she was staring at me.
It was like she was following me.
- Did you know her?
- No. but she freaked me out.
I didn't go back to class.
Did she say something to you?
Hugh told me that he passed it on to me.
That something was gonna follow me.
[Kelly] That's all bullshit. Jamie.
Yeah. I know.
What exactly is supposed to be following you?
I don't know.
- [Kelly] You should tell Mum what you saw.
- No.
Well. Jay. I'm worried about you.
I could stay over tonight
if it would make you feel any better.
[both] No.
- Just on the couch or something.
- No.
Maybe just on the couch.
You should be more worried about waking up
and finding Paul humping your leg.
Um... I'm choosing to ignore these insults
to my character.
Just keep your door locked.
Look. I'm gonna stay up all night
and keep an eye out for anything weird.
Nothing's gonna happen. OK?
[man on TV] Almost sounds like a girl.
[man 2] A girl? Perhaps.
Or a monster.
- [man 2] Andre! Andre!
- Stop teasing him. He's in love.
[man laughs]
[man on TV]
How much time before we get there?
- [man 2] Who knows?
- At least we know they're alive.
[man 2] Let's hope they stay that way.
Commander. look there.
I can't sleep. not in there.
That's OK. Sleep here.
- [man 2] He hit us! He's turning around!
- Maybe not.
[man 2] We're in for it now.
He knows we're here.
Here he comes.
Don't miss. Andre.
[man] Open hallow. We'll submerge.
[narrator] When we were forced to submerge.
even though we had killed the flying reptile.
because of the damage the creature...
Are you OK?
Everything's gonna be cool.
It's funny. I haven't spent the night
over here since we were kids.
There's a reason for that.
Shut up. I'm serious. I'm...
It's cool spending time with you.
Yeah.
[man on TV] Behind you!
You were my first kiss. you know.
I know.
Was I not yours?
No. uh... you were.
And then you kissed Kelly.
She told me.
You kissed two sisters. That's kind of gross.
Do you remember the time
that we found those porno magazines
in the alley behind Barry's Pizza?
Yeah.
- We were such stupid kids.
- Ridiculous.
Yeah. we're all sitting
out on Greg's front lawn
with a dozen dirty magazines
just sprawled out everywhere.
- And we're laughing.
- We didn't even realise how bad it was.
Oh. and Greg's mum. remember her face
when she came out
and saw us reading that shit?
And she scooped it up so fast.
And then she called my mum.
Kelly and I got the sex ed talk the next day.
- I got one too.
- [window smashes]
- What the fuck?
- Go look.
There's a broken window in the kitchen.
but there's no one there.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah.
I mean. whoever broke it must have run away.
Maybe we should call the police.
I'm gonna go wake up your sister.
She should call.
[creepy music on TV]
[screams]
- [Kelly knocks on door] Jay?
- [Paul] Jay. can you open the door?
- It's in the house.
- [Kelly] What's going on?
[Paul] There's nothing in the house. Jay.
I saw it.
- [Kelly] Open the door. OK?
- It's in the kitchen.
[Paul] I'm not gonna let
anything happen to you.
Open the door and we'll figure this out.
There's nothing out here.
Get in.
Jay. why don't you sit down?
I need water. Oh. my God. I need water.
- [Kelly] OK. I'll get you some.
- No. stay here!
There's something wrong with me.
[Paul] Look. somebody broke the window.
That really happened.
Well. I saw a girl in the kitchen.
Jay. I love you.
- You're OK.
- You don't believe me.
[knock on door]
[Kelly] Mum?
Mum. is that you?
- No. it's me.
- Yara?
Yeah.
Don't open the door.
[Kelly] See? Everything's OK.
[screams]
Jay!
Jay! What are you doing?
[music plays on car radio]
[Paul] Hey. Jay. wait!
Jay!
[Paul] Jay!
[Kelly] You could have hurt yourself.
What are you doing?
[Jay sobs]
I'm scared.
Me too. But we'll figure it out.
You can't tell mum. cos she'll freak out
and she won't believe me.
I know. It's OK.
What are you running from?
Do you see that?
I do. It's... It's a person.
- Greg?
- What the hell's going on? You OK?
- Someone broke into their house.
- Shit. Did you call the police?
- I don't wanna go home.
- Where do you wanna go?
I... I need to find him.
The person who broke into your house?
No.
Hugh?
What did he really do to you?
OK.
Are you leaving?
No. I'm getting my car.
Someone's gotta drive. right?
[screams]
God.
Hey. come look at this.
What?
Is this him?
[Paul] You recognise the jacket?
[Jay] Lawson High School.
Somebody's gotta know his real name.
[man] Hello. students.
It's time for your afternoon announcements.
Attention all girls interested
in playing club lacrosse this spring.
There will be an informational meeting held
in the LT431 room right after school today.
Final reminder for all wrestlers.
Please hand in your permission forms
to Mr Dwiggens today.
Also your banquet is this Sunday at 3pm
here at the high school.
It's time again for the high school musical.
this year starting at 7pm to 9:30 a show.
and another performance tomorrow
at 2pm and 7pm.
Tickets will be $5 for students
and $7 for adults.
Hope you all have a great weekend
and we'll see you here on Monday.
[school bell rings]
- [Paul] Did they know?
- Yep.
- His real name is Jeff.
- Not Hugh?
- [Greg] Jeff Redmond.
- Do we tell the police?
[Jay] No.
[rings doorbell]
Hello.
Hi. Um... Is Jeff here?
Yeah. Yeah. he is.
Um. do you wanna come in?
Yeah.
Your friends?
Look. even though it's following you.
I can still see it.
It's not done with me either. OK?
And like I told. all you can do
is pass it along to someone else.
- What the fuck are you talking about?
- Look. she can do the same thing I did.
I mean. it should be easy for her.
She's a girl. Any guy would be with you.
Sleep with someone else and tell them to do
the same thing. Maybe it'll never come back.
This isn't real. I... I swear to you.
This is just some fucked-up game.
Look. I'm not safe either. OK?
We shouldn't even be in the same place.
You guys need to get the fuck out of here.
Hey. watch it.
If it kills her. it gets me
and goes straight down the line
to whoever started it.
Jay... I'm sorry.
I wasn't trying to hurt you. OK?
Someone did this to me too. OK?
[Jay] Who did it to you?
[Jeff] I met a girl at a bar.
It was a one-night stand.
I... I don't even remember her name.
I think that's where it came from.
[Greg] Jeff. I don't believe you.
And while she might.
I think you're a fucking liar and what
you're doing to her is some fucked-up shit.
Do you guys see that girl right there?
- Uh-huh.
- Yes.
Yeah.
OK.
OK. good.
Jay. listen. wherever you are.
it's somewhere walking straight for you.
But it is walking.
If you drive far enough.
you can buy yourself some time to think.
decide if you wanna give it
to someone else.
[snores]
Um. Greg?
- [Greg] Yeah.
- Your mum's not gonna freak out?
She won't even know.
It's really nice of you.
[Greg] I love coming up here.
My dad. he. um... he used to take me hunting
a couple of times a year.
It's not like super nice. but... it's cool.
Have you thought about what he said?
[Jay] What?
Maybe passing it on?
I don't know.
[gunshot]
It sucks sticking around
when everyone's gone. huh?
It's a bit lonely.
I'm right across the street. you know.
I remember.
I guess I should have been nicer to you.
You guys should get in the water!
You want to?
Maybe in a little bit.
Come on.
Oh. my God! Help me!
Jay. what is it?
[Jay] Help!
Help me!
[Yara] What are you doing?
[Kelly] Jay. please!
[Greg] Stop shooting!
[banging on door]
Oh. God!
- What the hell are you guys doing?
- Don't open the door!
- What'd you do to the door?
- We didn't do that.
- It's trying to come in!
- There's nothing out here!
Yes. there is.
Greg?
Greg. are you OK?
[Yara] Jay. what do you see?
[Kelly] Jay! Jay. wait!
[Greg] Hey. that's my fucking car!
[footsteps]
Have you seen it?
Nothing.
I'm waiting. looking.
It's been three days.
I don't think it's coming.
You believe me. right?
You're not just playing along?
No. I... I believe you. I just...
I just don't think it's following me.
Isn't that a good thing?
Yeah.
[newsreader] We are following a four-alarm
fire that is happening right now.
The crews are battling that
on Detroit's west side
and we're gonna get out
to Chopper Eight. Rich Kensington.
What are you seeing right now?
Fill us in on what you're seeing.
[Rich] Yes. just on scene to this one. guys.
It's just north of I-96.
along the service drive.
I-96 westbound service drive.
just before you get to the outer drive...
Hey.
How are you guys?
[Kelly] OK.
How's. uh... How's Jay?
Not great.
Have you seen anything?
No.
Is... Is it cool if I go in?
I don't think so.
She doesn't wanna open her door.
She's just hiding in there.
I thought she'd be doing better.
I can have her call you later?
Yeah. OK.
You really haven't seen anything?
- Nope.
- She didn't make it up.
We'll know sooner or later. right?
That chair broke in mid-air.
I mean. something knocked me over.
and the door didn't break on its own.
Look. something happened.
But it's not what she thinks. OK?
What do you think it was. then?
I'll see you guys.
- [Kelly] Bye. Greg.
- [Yara] Bye.
[ringing tone]
[Greg] Hi. You've reached Greg.
Leave a message.
Greg! Open the door. Greg!
[banging]
Greg. watch out!
[banging continues]
Greg. don't open the door!
What the fuck. Mum?
[sobs]
[distant music playing]
[knocking]
- Who is it?
- Paul.
Hang on.
It's gonna be here sooner or later.
You could pass it on.
You did once.
I shouldn't have.
I could...
No.
I liked you too. you know.
Why'd you pick Greg?
I thought he'd be OK.
He wasn't scared.
We slept together in high school.
It wasn't a big deal.
I wanna help.
Do you?
Yeah. I do.
- Jay?
- Yeah?
Do you trust me?
Do you remember where we were
the first time we kissed?
- Know where to go?
- I know how to get there. you'll see.
I haven't been to the pool since I was 14.
Who brought you there?
- OK.
- That's where I had my first beer.
I threw up the whole night.
- [Yara] Into the pool?
- [Kelly] No. Outside the car.
- [Paul] And in the car.
- [Kelly] Paul used to pee in it.
- [Yara] Ew. That's disgusting.
- [Paul] Whatever. There's chlorine.
When I was a little girl. my parents
wouldn't allow me to go south of Eight Mile.
And I didn't even know what that meant
until I got a little older
and I started realising that that's where
the city started and the suburbs ended.
And I used to think about
how shitty and weird that was.
I mean. I had to ask permission
to go to the state fair
with my best friend and her parents
only because
it was a few blocks past the border.
My mum said the same thing.
How long do you think it'll be?
I don't know. Hours. I bet.
[thunder]
[Jay] Oh. my God.
It just walked in the room.
It's right there.
- [Paul] It's here?
- Right there!
[Kelly] Jay. what do you see?
I don't wanna tell you.
[Paul] Jay. I need you to point at it. OK?
Keep your finger aimed at it
so we can see where it is.
Is it getting in the water?
It's just standing there staring at me.
- It's moving.
- [Yara] What's it doing?
[Jay] It's walking. It's just walking.
- Paul. I wanna get out.
- No! Just wait for it to get in.
No. I don't wanna do this.
I just wanna get out!
- [Paul] What the fuck?
- [Kelly] Jay!
[Paul] Get out of there!
- [Kelly] She's gonna get electrocuted!
- [Paul] No. it didn't work!
- [Kelly] You OK?
- Yeah.
- It didn't work.
- [Kelly] Thank God.
- [Kelly] Jay. look out!
- [screams]
- [Kelly] Oh. my God. somebody help her!
- [Yara] What do we do?
[Yara] What the hell is going on?
[Paul] Jay. just keep pointing at it!
[Jay] It's right there!
Where is it?
Watch out! Don't get too close!
It's right there!
[Kelly] Yara!
Where?
Here?
- Here?
- Right there!
Where is it?
- [Paul] Jay!
- Come on. Jay! Hurry!
- Give me your hand.
- Come on. come on. come on!
Jay!
[gunshots]
[Paul] Jay?
Do you see it? Is it still down there?
[thunder]
Do you feel any different?
Do you?
No.
"When there's torture.
there is pain and wounds. physical agony.
and all this distracts the mind
from mental suffering
so that one is tormented by the wounds
until the moment of death."
"And the most terrible agony
may not be in the wounds themselves
but in knowing for certain
that within an hour. then within ten minutes.
then within half a minute.
now. at this very instant.
your soul will leave your body
and you will no longer be a person
and that. this is certain.
the worst thing is that it is certain."
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm